hey guys this is Abbie shake from
technics media today we are going to
tell you a solution of a problem for
galaxy note 2 users so galaxy note 2
users are very happy with the device and
we have a galaxy note 2 right now one
thing which we have noticed as per our
usage for light we have been using this
device for a month now and one thing
which we notice is the location of the
power button to actually make the device
go to sleep mode is quite difficult
sometimes to use so in case you're using
the Galaxy Note 2 and you're you are
actually handing it in one hand it could
be difficult for you to access the power
key in case you are lip side user or
something like that you most of the
users do not feel very comfortable in
using the power/lock key because it is
not at the top it is actually at the
side but it is again accessible but
after the personal preference some of
the user don't like it so one way to
actually turn off the screen whenever
you are using the device and you would
like so for this you need to install
this application called screen off which
is a an Android application which you
can install from Play Store let me show
you this application in the Play Store
so if you type screen off over here you
will find this application and what this
application does for you is it removes
the overall usually refer to actually
press the power key to turn off the
display on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 or any
other Android phone so you can easily
unlock use it you can easily turn off
the screen you can easily make your
phone go to the sleep mode just by
tapping on it on the shortcut which have
been created so if you tap on the
shortcut the screen will be turned off
and the device will go to the sleep mode
and we have actually placed it on the
home screen so in case we are using it
and we return to the home frame we don't
have to press the HOME key to actually
turn turn of the machine like this we
can do it with the application icon
which is there and the application name
is screen off and you just need to tap
on it to make your device go to sleep
mode and this is something which is
quite handy we like this application so
this could be helpful for many users if
you liked this video please click the
like button and do subscribe to our
YouTube video channel at is do to calm /
techniques Media thanks for watching
this video this is abhishek signing up
and cue
you